In Go, interfaces are stored in memory as a two-word structure that contains:

    Type information: A pointer to the type of the underlying value that implements the 
    interface.
    
    Value data: A pointer to the actual value that implements the interface.


This two-word representation allows Go to store dynamic types and values, making 
interfaces versatile for polymorphism while maintaining efficiency.


1. Type Information:

    This is a pointer to a runtime.itab structure, which contains information about the type 
    that implements the interface and its associated methods. 
    
    It includes a reference to the type descriptor (the actual type of the underlying value) 
    and the method set that the value implements.
    

2. Value Data:

    This is either a direct value (if the underlying type is small and fits within a word, 
    like integers, floats, pointers) or a pointer to the actual data (for larger or more 
    complex types like structs or slices). 

    For small types (e.g., an integer), the value is stored directly within the second 
    word of the interface structure.

    For larger types (e.g., structs), the value is stored as a pointer to the actual data, 
    which resides elsewhere in memory.


If you have an interface i that holds a value v of type T, the memory layout would 
look like this:

    i: {
        [Pointer to type T]  // Type information (pointer to the type descriptor)
        [Pointer to value v] // Value data (pointer to the actual value)
    }


Example: var x interface{} = 42

    The type information points to int (since 42 is an int).
    The value data contains the integer 42 directly, because integers fit within a word.



Another example with a more complex type:

    The value data contains the integer 42 directly, because integers fit within 
    a word

        type Person struct {
        Name string
        Age  int
    }

    var x interface{} = Person{Name: "Alice", Age: 30}


    The type information points to the Person type.
    The value data contains a pointer to the memory location where the Person struct is stored.



Important Considerations:
    Nil interfaces: When an interface is nil, both the type information and value data are nil.
    
    Empty interfaces (interface{}): These interfaces can hold any type and have the same 
    two-word structure. The type information helps the runtime figure out the underlying 
    type when working with empty interfaces.



Performance Implications:
    When you use interfaces, Go needs to perform dynamic type checking and access values 
    indirectly via pointers, which can introduce slight overhead compared to direct type usage.

    Interfaces also allow type-agnostic programming, making Go more flexible for certain use 
    cases, at the cost of some indirection and potential performance impacts when working with 
    large or complex types.